and here's Davidson Davidson where he
come from I've called from Sweden we did
what time is it there it's 6:30
okay did no better way to yet or have
you woken up yeah well I actually woke
up from the message from my iPhone that
this show was like hey what do you think
about the new alliance roster wait what
exactly anyway sorry oh alright so for
everyone else be like David send set
notifications for this channel let it
wake you up the moment that I go live he
knows what's up Davidson what do you
want to talk to us about I just want to
talk about this discount on situation in
EU and how we can transfer to the NA
Scouting ground oh yeah I love bringing
over EU Talent tell me how so do you
know how the NHL assets know we'd like
the drafting day the the National Hockey
League just gets a first take on every
talent like Sweden Russia etc okay
Finland so they just drafted young
upcoming players for like free and just
set them on a contract and just scout it
so it's kinda just an Talent growth in
and I so wait you're leaving that the
NHL just has access to all the other
regions and they just will draft players
out of those regions well so the way it
works in NBA which i assume is is
similar is like you can just draft
anyone in the world and that just gives
you like NBA explicit exclusive rights
like you can't you know say like oh you
can't compete in your Turkish league
because we drafted the Turkish player
but if you try and come to the NBA they
have your rights and so I think that's
what you're saying is the same thing in
the NHL right like an NHL team can draft
anybody in the world and then they have
the rights to them for the NHL yeah
because I mean I don't think that that
Europe will ever become like a super a
like world contender a region again
because it's like speeding up once more
I think we should just bet on their and
I it's a great culture as well so wait
it's okay just to be clear and you you
are suggesting that EU just becomes in a
scouting around yeah they just they just
shut down this year's scouted out hey
I'm hi ela play and I wanted scouting
dress and you were you want to be as an
EU latter player be able to be scouted
at the na scouting grounds as well yeah
and then he counts as a domestic player
I think which is over you're coming to
compete and a scouting grad so you don't
take up an import slot you just have to
declare we need two consonants too bad
yeah I do you have removed this quickly
you are you're definitely the most
interesting caller and you're actually
from Sweden to be clear you're actually
uses listen to hear your accent I just
maybe you're a very talented accent
person where are you where are you at in
Sweden Gothenburg shit hole underneath
jönköping oh you're here you really
are in the middle now yeah I went to the
season one okay so Davidson are you more
of an na fan or an EU fan like you do
you watch anything else yes sir EU LCS
or what's your mix I only watched my
homeboy wickless okay okay so why can a
whisk but you don't watch na yeah what's
your name
oh you think of European teams only well
would you have did you want during the
off season did you want reckless to come
to na I agree if he lives in Germany or
in the in the fucking you you're saying
if he gets more paid I'm or app firm as
well so can I ask what you like more
about na versus EU in regards to the
orcs and how they do things and they's
just more like USA the marketplace is
just so it says so set set in stone like
you know what you can get from it you
know how you get it from it so it's it's
or stable he was just a fucking shithole
with 50 different countries and yeah so
let me holler dude have you seen the the
Copenhagen Flames tweets about how
they're doing they're like own scouting
grounds yeah I actually played in some
Danish
it's so weird now because they talked
about splitting up the EU yeah yes and
they was like oh we know what we can do
we can take every country and make it
individual like see yes like the fucking
EU CS for every country and we take
every country's best teams and just put
them in the qualifiers would you have
like that system
I guess it's good for some like new
place like yeah there are some D one
place and like low most place that's
really good at game have really good and
like macro sense so it could bring them
up more I guess that's pretty good so I
excuse me the other question I wanted to
ask you to David's and so at okay I'm
gonna publish this this video probably
I'll just clip it out put it on my
youtube I usually put it on right after
the show but all of Europe will be
waking up so it's not a safe time so
I'll probably posted perfect and people
will hate me but I'll probably post it
like 1 or 2 tomorrow whenever it's safe
to post it but all that you fans that do
watch this will be like yeah but II you
always outperforms in 8 worlds you
greater than a na etc etc so why don't
you sort of share that mentality of like
who cares about na they have the money
and then their players will underperform
or they'll bring over our talent and
then they'll suck ok I'm not I'm not
talking about like I don't have a bias
against na because I feel like the
Western culture in Lowell is one it's
one culture I think it's it's it's bad
to see us as two different entities
because we have the player base
ever be a much bigger player base so why
don't we take our forces together yeah
to create a better League I mean you you
did say that it's better to view them as
two separate things and then you also
said you as EU as a shithole so I'm kind
of I will no no I'm just talking about
the infrastructure right right so yeah
your players better like area for for
like players playin but na has much
better infrastructure and income so EU
you become a great player and then once
you've become great enough and it takes
you yeah
Davidson idea yeah you just woke up this
morning rolled over started watching the
show and then you're gonna like you're
like I'm gonna I'm going to be a traitor
to my entire region in collab do you
follow smash though I was gonna say left
and see Swedish he's on TSM comes to
North America all the time to play it's
the same thing you know yeah Davidson
thank you so much I hope you call again
in the future yeah I'd love to have you
on again yeah
thanks David yeah have a good one and
have a good rest of your day
yeah to be clear though I personally
don't view Davidson as a traitor
I think that Europe should take a lot of
pride in the fact that they have this
really big task set in front of them
which is developing talent for the
superior region you know it's not easy
to make these guys into the great
players that they are so that they can
be sent off to the you know to the
region where they can get fame and money
that they deserve for their skills you
know like they deserve a lot of credit
for building these guys up for our North
America yeah I think it's funny all that
you people always message me whenever we
do the show because it's so late and
they are upset that it's like so early
in the morning I always think it's an
n/a show whatever so then like EU person
calls it and I'm like my first reaction
was like oh man like he's gonna be like
why don't you do the show earlier like
let's talk about something you related
instead no he's just like you use a shit
hole na for life
he literally wish I wish
reckless would come to in a like is
amazing yeah I mean he's are really
enlightened probably one of the most
enlightened guess we've had all right
next guest